three decades after a double homicide a
man named jack wendell purcell
allegedly walked into an iowa police
station and confessed to the crime three
decades after robber and goldie hunt
bach were found tied up and shot to
death in their waterloo iowa home were
actually on the air in waterloo iowa
believe it or not louis no suspects
wherever arrested
and um... this week one of them named
agenda wendell perspiration uil walked
into the police station and said
i basically want to talk to someone
about it
and investigators talked and he
confessed to this murder
um... he said i will decide whether they
must be he said that he planted as rob
uh... he planned
to robin murder robert hunt bach was
eighty five and call the hot pot with
seventy five at the time
and he gave details all week and the
person involved in the crime would know
it was a grizzly homicide involving
blindfold ng in dish towel gagging and a
number of other things
imagine you did something like this so
long ago you got away with right which
by which is no easy task
you think the guilt would eventually
does get to you
and really can really make that call
because if you even capable of doing
this type of premeditated murder are you
really the type of person that would end
up feeling guilty or you most likely a
psychopath
yet seems like a strange situation i'd
imagine that someone who does the same
gets away with a damaging as someone who
does this in the first place
would never have any evermore server
tilts what do you think of that time
yet seems pretty hard to believe
and on the t_v_ catching maybe he became
a born-again christian decide to
confesses that better maybe he found he
sees it's hard to know really
now you've been indeed is a number of
crimes you committed petty stuff and it
would be really be the misdemeanors
really just juvenile stuff
but after the fact you never felt the
need to go and talk to the police ur
confessor anything even now ten years
after some of these incidents net
i didn't kill anyone and i know you
don't do anything close to it i mean
with the worst really that you've gone
on charged for
punching someone
uh...
uh... a maybe
exacting a house begging probably eighty
there was an incident actually where i
think it was cabbage night the night
before halloween or lewis was pulled
over with several dozen eggs in the car
and being a police officer ask you what
those are for you just said you were
making up words yet
which is completely unbelievable because
everyone knows lewis has dot cereal and
milk it doesn't have almost said that
that that the police i don't have exam
keypad serenity exactly
if there is also payback time so didn't
look good
the threat was intended
ted so that we have a lot of bonus of
stories that we should actually get too
at some point probably have
we have done and a long time
okay after the break and i want a
warning that this is going to be a very
disturbing interview we're gonna talk to
entice gave not paul camera ok paul
cameron's been on the show before his
recent comments were two-fold number one
the president obama must be gay in part
because he has come out in favor of
marriage equality and number two that
there is a homosexual conspiracy few
uh... make every young boys abandon over
and grab their ankles i think was the
way he put it we're gonna talk about
that uh... we're gonna talk about a lot
more as well so i encourage you to stay
tuned go to face book dot com slash
david packard show by the time i talk to
you tomorrow we may have those four
thousand likes on face book isle of
picking an arbitrary number and
encouraging people to help us uh...
region yeah next next stop four thousand
twenty
they regard will take a break and be
back after that
david pacman shelves and david
jacqueline dot com